README for TOSThreads SenseStoreAndForward 
Author/Contact: tinyos-help@millennium.berkeley.edu
Author: Kevin Klues <klueska@cs.stanford.edu>

Description:

SenseStoreAndForward is a threaded implementation of an application that takes
various sensor readings in parallel (by dedicating one thread to each reading),
logs them to flash, and then sends them out over the radio at some later time. 
In the current implementation, sensor readings are taken as quickly as possible,
and records containing a set of readings from each iteration are batched out
over the radio every 10000ms.  This application is written specifically for use
with the tmote onboard sensor package, and will not compile for any other
platforms.

To run this application install it on a mote via the command:
  make <platform> cthreads install
  
Valid platforms are currently: tmote, telosb with onboard sensors

Readings are taken from each of the 4 oboard sensors and logged to flash as one
record in an infinite loop. Records are then read out of flash and and sent out
over the radio interface in separate infinite loop. Before the application
starts running, the entire contents of the flash drive are erased.

A successful test will result in LED0 remaining solid for approximately 6s while
the flash is being erased.  After that LED0 will toggle with each successful set
of sensor readings logged to flash, at a rate of approximately 220ms (the time
it takes to take a humidty + temperature sensor reading since they share the
same hardware and cannot be taken in parallel).  Also, LED1 will begin toggling
in rapid succession once every 10000ms as records are successfully read from
flash and sent out over the radio.  Once all of the records currently recorded
to flash since the last batch of sends have been sent out, LED2 Toggles to
indicate completion.  This process continues in an infinite loop forever.

Additionally, a base station application should be run to verify the reception
of packets sent from a SenseStoreAndForward mote, with reasonable looking sensor 
data.

Tools:
  None.

Known bugs/limitations:
  None.
