
The radio driver interfaces have a set of generic configuration options. 
Some of these are set in the platforms/xxx/chips/rf230/RadioConfig.h header 
file, see the IRIS platform for example, others can be set in your 
Makefile.

TFRAMES_ENABLED:

If enabled, then tinyos frames are enabled, so 6lowpan will not work. See 
TEP125 for the details.

LOW_POWER_LISTENING:

If enabled, then the radio will duty cycle the radio (turn it off and on). 
See TEP105 for the details.

SLOTTED_MAC:

There are two CA (collision avoidance) algorithms: one is the simple random 
backoff  just like the one used in the CC2420 driver. The other one is a 
slotted time sync based version where each node makes a guarantee that only 
at a given time within a time slot (e.g. 1 ms) they will ever start to 
transmit. This value is monitored by nearby motes (no payload overhead) and 
they preemptively avoid these time instances. This greatly reduces the 
chance that two motes will start to transmit within 50-100 microsecs to 
each other, so the CCA (clear channel assessment) will become much more 
efficient. This slotted behavior can enabled by defining SLOTTED_MAC.

RADIO_DEBUG:

If enabled, then every component in the radio stack will make sure that 
everything goes as intended via asserts. For example, we check that certain 
calls are not made in certain states, the radio hardware responds according 
to the datasheet, etc. Use the ASSERT macro defined in the RadioAssert.h
and make sure that the AssertC from lib/diagmsg is included in your 
application. All assert violations are reported over the serial interface. 
You can use the net.tinyos.util.DiagMsg java application to display 
diagnostic messages.

RADIO_DEBUG_MESSAGES:

If enabled, then the radio driver will print out all received and 
transmitted messages via the DiagMsg interface. This feature is used in the 
RF230Sniffer appliaction.

typedef TRadio:

The radio stack uses a single hardware alarm/counter. The resolution of 
this counter is platform specific and should be set just like the T32khz or 
TMilli time resolution types. All time stamps and time related information 
are recorded in this resolution within the driver.

RADIO_ALARM_MICROSEC:

This should be set to the number of radio alarm ticks per one microsecond. 

RADIO_ALARM_MILLI_EXP:

The base two logarithm of the number of radio alarm ticks per one 
millisecond.

